h1. File Mutate

A File Muatation DSL and API that is easy to add to any module or class.
It is often convenient to extend the core File class with the file mutation APIs in order to gain a better DSL
for performing file mutations.

This gem has been extracted from the "sugar-high":https://github.com/kristianmandrup/sugar-high gem

h2. Content Mutation DSL

File mutation modules:

* Append content
* Insert content
* Overwrite content
* Remove content
* Replace content

* Delete files

The modules follow the naming convention: @FileMutate::AppendContent@

h2. Usage

To include all file mutation modules:

@File.file_mutate :all@

To include set of file mutation modules:

@File.file_mutate :append, :insert@

Note that the @file_mutate@ macro is made available for all modules.

h2. Contributing to file_mutate
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Kristian Mandrup. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

